Spread out yo boss hu
Didn't you get caught by Jin Wei?
How to come to our Qiangsheng Group
It's not something else, is it?
Bruce Lee, please use your brain, okay?
If our boss is caught by the guards
Can you still stand here safe and sound today?
I don't know.
Your storage style is now Jinwei of Southern Province
Chief Shuai Long Xiaoyun's fiancé
You broke up the whole Wolong Villa and left the table
Why do you still want to mess with our Qiangsheng Group?
The identities of these two people are extremely suspicious
If I were to see them at the venue today
You two stop fucking
I see who dares to do it
I was hired by these people.
If you know each other, get out of here hahaha
Wake up, old man
Dream on.
Wolong Villa is dead in name only
Today's Southern Province is the world of my Qiangsheng Group
You said Mr. Ji invited you
What's wrong with him?
Lin Xiaolong, Lin Xiaolong
Don't you doubt
It's your brain that's sick
You need to know
season
Sir, there is only one agent in the southern province
It's my boss Chengxiong
But laughing, Lin Shengqiang's machine is exhausted
Magpie's nest
After we meet with Mr. Ji today
This southern reward will no longer be strong
Stop farting for you
I don't have time to listen to you in your sleep
What are you doing?
Who dares to insert it out, Master Lin?
The nation just puts the ancient town
Say what they went in for